Now that we've learned a little
bit about coding in unity,
I have an exercise for us.
So, we need to make a new
component called score.
Score is going to be a simple component,
that will keep track of each
player's individual score.
So this will be applied to player
a game object, and then we also will
create an opponent game object later
on that it will also get applied to.
And later will actually update this
script, so that it can interact with UI.
So here's kinda the starting
script that you should create for
this exercise and we'll use a C# property
to store the score as an integer type,
so up here at the top we have,
what's called a property.
And that way the value
can be accessed publicly,
but only modified via this script.
So other components, other scripts will
be able to access this score value.
But it can only be set within
the script because it's a property with
a public getter, but a private setter.
So the exercise is to write
a method to reset that score value,
and then another method
to increment the value.
So we want to increment
the value by one and
when it gets reset we
wanna set it back to zero.
So I'll give everyone a little bit
of time to write out this script.
And, I guess when we are done,
I can go over the solution.